Welcome back. Here's my solution to the creating an RDS database from the CLI exercise.
So what we have here from the command line are all of our commands,
AWS, RDS, create db instance.
We've allocated 20 gigs of storage.
The instance class that we've specified as dbT2 micro,
the identifier, the name of our database is going to be udacity-cloudlab.
It's a Postgres database and we've got our username and our password.
So with that, we're going to go ahead and run it.
Okay, that looks pretty good.
So we're going to switch over to our console and see that our database that we named in
the command line to udacity-cloudlab is still in the process of being created.
So even though it's in the process of being created, that's okay.
We can still go ahead and delete it because we don't want
to accumulate excess charges unnecessarily.
So we're going to come back over to
the command line and we're going to run the following command,
aws rds delete db instance and db instance identifier,
which is udacity-cloudlab, and then we're going to skip the final snapshot.
Let's go ahead and run that. That looks pretty good.
So if we go back over to the RDS Management page and hit refresh here.
Give this a little time.
We'll see there are database that we just
created from the command line is now being deleted.
Thank you so much for completing the exercise.